integrations: update sambanova docs (#1145)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/python/integrations/chat/sambanova.mdx

---
title: ChatSambaNova
---

This will help you get started with SambaNova [chat models](/oss/langchain/models/). For detailed documentation of all `ChatSambaNova` features and configurations head to the [API reference](https://docs.sambanova.ai/cloud/docs/get-started/overview).

**[SambaNova](https://sambanova.ai/)'s** [SambaCloud](http://cloud.sambanova.ai?utm_source=langchain&utm_medium=external&utm_campaign=cloud_signup) is a cloud platform for performing inference with open-source models

## Overview

### Integration details

| Class | Package | Local | Serializable | JS support | Downloads | Version |
| :--- | :--- | :---: | :---: |  :---: | :---: | :---: |

> | [ChatSambaNova](https://docs.sambanova.ai/cloud/docs/get-started/overview) | [langchain-sambanova](https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/providers/sambanova/) | ❌ | beta | ❌ | ![PyPI - Downloads](https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/langchain_sambanova?style=flat-square&label=%20) | ![PyPI - Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/langchain_sambanova?style=flat-square&label=%20) |

Reviewer: The link should be updated to the new docs: https://python.langchain.com/docs/integrations/providers/sambanova

## API reference

> For detailed documentation of all SambaNova features and configurations head to the API reference: [docs.sambanova.ai/cloud/docs/get-started/overview](https://docs.sambanova.ai/cloud/docs/get-started/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed documentation of all SambaNova features and configurations head to [SambaNova Developer Guide](https://docs.sambanova.ai/cloud/docs/get-started/overview)
```
